# Contract

## Goals

_At a high level, what do you most want to get out of this project, and why?_

I hope to make a domain specific language that I myself could use outside of class when
making schedules, and to learn techniques that are useful in making a DSL. 
I feel like the project I'd be working on is something I'd be interested in making as
well as using personally, and that motivates me to work more on this project, and ultimately the
goal is to learn techniques in DSL design. 

## Concepts / skills

_What concepts and / or skills from class would you like to work on, as part of your
project? Are there any concepts / skills that we haven't covered in class that you would
like to work on, as part of your project (for example, other things related to DSLs that
you have come across, or topics from other classes)? Why are you interested in working on
these things?_

I think I'd like to work on transferring the knowledge/skills I have in Scala to other
programming languages. I know about parser combinators in Scala, but in Python or Rust or
Javascript could be useful to learn as well. I'd also (if there is time!) love to work on
a frontend/user interface for the DSL, but I recognize this might be very large in scope.
I think I'd like to improve on the skills needed and the steps needed to build a DSL. I 
didn't finish the last HW assignment fully, and catching up on that would be useful.

## Time management plan

_How do you plan to set aside time outside of class, to work on the project? Are there
intermediate milestones that you can create, to help you make consistent progress?_

I do not know lol 

## Teamwork plan

_If you plan to work with someone else on the project, what is your plan for
collaborating? What part(s) do you think you might do together? What part(s) are you
considering doing separately? How will you hold one another accountable to make regular
progress?_

## Critique plan

_What will you do to make sure that you can give consistent and actionable feedback to
other people in the class?_

## Success

_At the end of the semester, what would you be proud to show or tell someone about your
project?_

## Assessment

_Looking over your responses to the previous questions, what would you consider to be an
"A-" for your project? What would you consider to be an "A"?_
